Return correct response in Transit.create_key (#9859)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/9859.txt

```release-note:improvement

> secrets/transit: Return correct responses when creating a key.

Reviewer: nitpick: 
```suggestion
secrets/transit: Return a warning in key creation when the key already existed.
```
